hi everybody this is a hen ready today I
am going to talk about the colors used
in Chinese pictures Chinese brush
painting as you know the base of Chinese
are changing painting is the ink and
colors are owning guests of the painting
not the host
however painting without color is not a
colorful you know as with color so isn't
the Chinese painting is not the crew
exclusive to ink color is used always
like this picture I've done 20 years ago
the peacock penny you can see they're
very colorful right with a background of
peach flowers peach blossom the peacock
stay on a rock and if you take a closer
look you can see they're very colorful
the Chinese painting colors is different
from the regular Western or the color in
three different aspects first because
the Chinese painting is done an
absorbent rice paper if you use the
watercolor paper is which is not
absorbing you won't create the effect
desired a primer since the paper the
nature of the rice paper you need to
stretch or mount after painting and like
the Western watercolor you stretch it
before painting so it will not you don't
have to worry about the color bleed or
rain during the mountain wet mountain
especially
in Chinese candy so the color we use is
very different with different binding
glue then the Western multicolor pants
this color are more stable on rice paper
we mount especially during the West
monkey this is the major difference the
binding material is different than the
Western watercolor the other difference
is the material the source material is
made of the Chinese painting pants are
divided into two groups based on what
natural material they use the plant
color a mineral color the plant color or
vegetable color is made of natural dyes
and the mineral higher colors are made
of mineral or stone in kind of materials
they are accordingly transparent with
plant colors or vegetable colors and
opaque with mineral colors for example
the mineral green or blue color on is
opaque and you have to use a special way
to apply it in this case the green color
is applied to the back of the rice paper
so you will not cover the ink effect
sometimes we use the opacity of a middle
color like a green or blue in this case
to cover the ink on a dark even dark ink
on the head of this pig
you can see the mineral blue which
creates the last of the feather and also
on the crown mineral green this method
we call it as embedding you use the
color like an alignment on the base of
ink so in general the Chinese color is
more friendly with ink you can apply in
a mix we always ink or you step for you
on different sides of paper if you use
Western what color the color and the ink
will not mix well and you tend to be
muddy dirty and because the binding
material is different on this flower
background you can see there are other
colors like the branch are done with
ampere which is the same eye transparent
color is made of the red soil it's a
very earthy it's good to blend with ink
also and the flowers are done with
various red like root and the communion
red they mix with the Chinese white the
calyx is done the little stamp are under
under the flower is done with a Rouge
and the ink under peach flowers
and some other colors are indigo blue
mixed with yellow Campbell to yellow to
get green and on this feather you can
see colors of light on the back of the
paper or on top of the ink it's very
subtle yet very rich this picture I did
on my 28th birthday
I remembered is almost 22 years ago so
to sum up the Chinese watercolor paints
are good with absorbent rice paper and
can be applied on both sides it has
special ways to apply if you use regular
watercolor paper don't use them they are
not designed for non-absorbent
watercolor paper and it's good to blend
with eight worried you know friendly
with ink penny and also the binding glue
is a very stable so you can mount it
without a worry about it bleeding rain
you can get from my website at the very
reasonable price thank you
you